doc: minor updates to releases.md (#30636)
nodejs/node: doc/releases.md

  ARMv6 builds. Any downloads that are missing will have `*Coming soon*` next to
  them. It's your responsibility to manually update these later when you have
  the outstanding builds.
* The `SHASUMS256.txt.asc` content is at the bottom of the post. When you update
  the list of tarballs you'll need to copy/paste the new contents of this file
  to reflect those changes.

> * Always use pull-requests on the `nodejs/nodejs.org` repository. Be respectful

Reviewer: Link the the repo would be better than?
```suggestion
* Always use pull-requests on the [nodejs/nodejs.org](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org) repository. Be respectful
```

>   of that working group, but you do not have to wait for PR sign-off. Please

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  of that team, but you do not have to wait for PR sign-off. Please
```

`nodejs/nodejs.org` is no longer a WG: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/761

Author: Updated
